Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Grab that ladder, bro.
Okay. Grab everything that you've got.
Where the hell are we?
Where are we headed?
Due north. It's a hike.
Then another ten minute ride in.
What, man? Are you serious?
'Cause you already had us
travelling an hour in this wilderness.
What's the matter, Tex?
Tired already?
Fuck you, man.
Well, come on. I said north!
Come on, man. It's
freezing here. Just keep moving.
Ready to win this?
Sleeping bag.
Megs.
I can't wait to
get to Florida.
We can share lodgings.
Phew! What's that smell?
Man!
Don't you think
you're overdoing it?
They're just kids.
Death's an exact science.
All aboard!
Nice ride.
Hoes before bros.
You're an ass.
I'm going to the back,
drink cocktails...
Okay, you got me
on this one.
Over the next few hours,
copper oxide from the coins
will react
with the body fluids.
Leaving a coin imprint
on the body tissue,
used for determining the length
of time the body's laid there.
Smart. These kids won't
know what's hit them.
Anything I should
know about?
They've been washed down
with acid long ago.
Used for our company's
offender rehabilitation programs
a while back.
You can't leave dead bodies
lying around a national park.
13 Eerie's the ideal spot.
No one's been here in years.
It's gonna feel more like a boot
camp than a science retreat.
Well, unfortunately most crime
scenes are inhospitable.
My students are up
to the challenge.
You hear that?
What?
That's just it. Nothing.
Where's the wildlife?
Larry, how'd you get
involved in this?
Probation.
So, not your first time
on the prison bus?
Anything about this
place we need to know?
What you got here is Guantanamo
Bay's ugly twin sister.
Joking aside, some bad shit has
happened here in the past.
Great. What you got
is your new D-MORT.
Your what?
Disaster Mortuary
Operational Response Team.
Go, Daniel.
What kind of bad shit?
I don't know. Take a look.
Your guess is as good as mine.
Oh, man. Welcome to hell.
Driver's Larry Jessop.
I had him set up the
communication system you wanted.
He'll assist you. You rely on
him for anything you need.
Larry Jessop.
Tomkins.
I'll be your chauffeur
and your chef
and your all-around
dog's body.
I need you to charge up
the communication batteries.
Okay.
Welcome to Eerie Strait.
There are only two places
available
in the forensic
trainee's scheme.
You will need to work in pairs.
Each group will be assigned
a plot within the complex.
Study it thoroughly.
Some of you will be
working alongside entomology.
Others will be combining
your expertise
in toxicology and geology.
This is quite deliberate.
Forensic science D-MORT
internship does not discriminate
science applications when
a full passenger flight
or passenger train crashes.
Compound secured perimeter
means nothing gets in or out.
Plot 13 Eerie Strait
is now uninhabited,
surrounded by low-lying
swampland.
If you check page two,
there are three basic cabins.
One is for food and equipment,
the other for accommodation,
while this one is for
surveillance and instructions.
Eerie's out of range
for cell phone use,
so you will be given
walkie-talkies.
Each site is in a remote
area of the camp
so there will be no contact
between groups.
Questions?
No? Good.
Get your things.
We'll meet back here.
Looks like we're
on different teams.
Just as well. You'd only
cheat at pathology.
What about Josh?
Uh, he's with Stetson.
One thing's for sure.
This place is a rathole.
This is gonna be like
a day trip with Charlie Manson.
No, no, no, no, no.
The meat goes over there.
That is not the kitchen. Drop it
and come back for your kit.
What's in 'em?
How would I know?
I drive the bus.
Just drop your stuff
and come back for it.
In there, but don't
touch anything.
Oh fuck!
Agh! Shit.
Be done by breakfast.
Better be.
Gotta get those bodies
back to the morgue.
Beds are for
sleeping only.
Any more than one person
per bed and it will break.
Is that a joke?
That's a joke.
That was a joke, right?
Ha, ha, ha.
You're fucking kidding me.
What were you expecting, Megan--
a mint on your pillow?
Yeah, that's right.
I think I will
take this one.
Are you getting friendly
with the locals?
There's lunch.
Prof wants us back at
the command centre.
That used to be a cat.
Daniel's already got
some pussy in his bed.
Meow.
Time is 11:20 hours. Get into
your designated groups.
You'll be working
in isolated areas.
Personal radio contact
is strictly prohibited.
Conversing outside your
allotted team will disqualify
not only yourself,
but your partner as well.
I will lead the
chemical analysis tomorrow
with Captain Veneziano.
It will be cold. You'll work
through the night.
Criminals don't pick the
perfect beach in Hawaii
to make life comfortable
for forensic scientists,
so get used to it.
Pick up your gear on the
way out. Good luck.
See the prison back
there, coming in?
sure didn't want people
leaving in a hurry.
What the hell have
I got myself into?
Oh, shit!
Dude, it's just
a field exam.
Yeah, buddy. I just get a
little bit claustrophobic.
Well, man up.
Why don't you shut up?
You couldn't have picked
a worse place to die.
11:55 hours.
Taking trace evidence
of soil, mineral,
and what looks to be
dried blood.
Ready?
Yeah.
Maggots. That's our first line
of investigation.
If you're gonna puke,
do it in the bushes.
Otherwise, you'll
contaminate the area.
I'm fine, man. I'm okay.
Fifteen millimetres.
Means the corpse has
been dead one week.
Look. Pupal casings.
They've started the
metamorphosis into adult flies.
Group C, you're gonna
need to collect the larva
and prepare a full
field analysis.
How long do we have?
All night, but don't
drag your heels.
Sundown in approximately
three hours.
Oh, and by the way I've
downgraded you both
to 60% due to Mr. Novagratz
throwing up.
Have a cold one on me,
Colonel Fucking Mustard.
Group A, after your
sample collection,
I want you to do a standard
biochemical analysis.
Temper, temper.
Hey!
Yes?
You heard about this
place, right? Why?
Well, you heard
the rumours.
Eerie Pen,
death row inmates,
one way ticket.
Government started
doing crazy tests
and poison ends up
in the water supply.
Women start having babies
before their time or worse.
I mean, nothing lives here.
No one lives here.
What are you
trying to tell me?
Two of my chickens
are missing.
Maybe they flew away.
This is a scientific
examination, Mr. Jessop.
My students are
working into the night.
We have a responsibility
to them so I would appreciate it
if you could deliver
the food to the groups.
Just follow the
coloured flags.
Shoot, Larry.
Welcome to summer camp.
Oh!
Oh, shit! What are you doing?
Shit!
How you doin'?
Here.
The fluids on that coin
and the imprint left on the body
will tell us
how long it's been here.
You running it?
Yup.
Here I am playing nursemaid to a
bunch of college butt jerk-offs.
Shoulda stayed in jail.
Holy shit!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, no, no,
no,stop! Contamination area!
I thought back there
was your site.
Where's the markers
for your body?
You're standing on one.
You can clearly see the
site we're working in.
You got two bodies?
Maybe you shouldn't
be so close.
Some people can have
unexpected issues
with this type of
medical science.
Listen, baby doll,
I know what I saw.
There's another body.
A woman, kinda, 200 yards up
by the ruined building.
You don't believe me, go
take a look for yourself.
Group A, you are not allowed
to speak to any third party.
Mr. Jessop, I already told you
this is a scientific field exam.
We're midway through
a forensic medical procedure.
Professor Tomkins
asked you to leave.
I'll go take a look
if you want.
Be my guest.
Well, is that
one of yours?
No.
Professor Tomkins, over?
Team A, go ahead.
Did you put out three
cadavers for medical research?
Yes, why?
Well, we've located another one.
She's female, Caucasian,
approximately 30 to 40
years of age.
Impossible. Go back and
support your colleague.
Do you copy?
Jeez.
What?
She-she moved.
Idiot.
No, she--
Ms. Cranston, report back
to your team leader.
Mr. Jessop, report
back to base. Over.
Yes, sir.
This place is one stop
from hell.
First stage decomposition.
Temperature must have been
over 52 degrees Fahrenheit
for the blowflies
to fly out of the cadaver.
They also like salsa,
playing poker,
and they make a
mean margarita.
I saw something,
over there. Look.
We've already been
downgraded because you puked,
so let's try and get this
part right, shall we?
So, the temperature must have
been over 52 degrees Fahrenheit
for the blowflies
to fly out of the cadaver.
Oh, thank God, they didn't
cheap out on the walkies.
Larry was right. There's a
female corpse in our patch.
Maybe we should
go take a look.
Uh, well, we've only just
started analysis on this one,
so why don't we get
cause of death first
and then I'll go take
a look with you.
Tomkins didn't say
there'd be two.
Well, that's the thing
with the professor.
He is always challenging us,
setting up situations.
That's why he's the best
and that's why we are here.
Should we check
in with him?
Ah, walkies down. No.
And he said
we're on our own.
So, what's he
always telling us?
Forensic science is a slow,
patient, and dedicated analysis.
Right. It's all in the details.
That's how you catch bad guys.
So, why don't we please
just concentrate
on our lady of the lake here
because I need this internship.
Not all of us have private
funds to get us through college.
What if we're supposed
to find them?
Remember what Ivanek told us
happened last year.
If you're so worried,
why don't you take this,
get us something to look at
and come back
in five minutes. I need you.
Place gives me the creeps.
Just hold on a second,
right there.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey. Stop! Wait!
This is a
contaminated area.
Well, whatever man.
Can I help you?
Watch your back.
What the hell
does that mean?
I don't know.
Smells like dog food.
My battery's dead.
Mine's on the way
out as well.
Team C, how far have you gotten
with your measurements?
Sir, Rob's got 95%
of the larva...
...losing battery
power... walkie talkie...
Should we head back to camp
and replace them?
Report back to base.
Copy that, headed back.
I found some tissue
under the fingernail.
Let's head back and take
care of this battery situation.
Oof! Oh!
Here.
Did you see that?
I swear it was someone
in an orange prison suit.
A lifer jump suit.
You been smoking
some of Larry's pot?
Group A, Group A,
return to base camp. Over.
Group A, Group B,
can you hear me?
Larry, where the hell are you?
Professor?
Hello? Anyone there?
Agh! No!
Oh my God, oh my God,
oh my God!
Oh God!!!
Kate?
Oh, Christ, Pat.
I'm in the middle of
electrophoresis on the corpse.
Oh, I'm sorry, dude.
Should I leave you two
alone to get it on?
Did you get anything
out of the walkies?
No, not a thing.
Also, we're out
of body fluid cleaner.
Did you hear that?
Yeah. Those guys are probably
just messing around.
I need to cross reference
the results from the fluids
on that coin, but I think this
body's been here about 12 hours.
Daniel, Meg, is that you?
Weird.
You all right?
Just let me out.
Okay, ow fuck!
Just wait.
Let me out. Ow.
Whoa, whoa, whoa hey, hey, hey.
What's up? Don't panic.
Just breathe into it.
You'll be okay.
Where are you going?
What are you looking at, man?
There's nothing there.
I'm going to
see the prof.
No, no, man.
You don't quit on me.
I'm not quitting
on you, Patrick.
Everybody gets the shakes, man.
It's common. It'll blow over.
That scream wasn't someone
just playing around.
And I just saw something move
in the woods over there.
You can't just
leave me here.
Goddamnit!
Kate!
Oh my God! Oh my God!
Help!
Kate! Oh my God, oh my God!
Here, you'll be okay.
Stand, stand, stand.
Stay up, stay up, stay up.
Oh God.
Sit down, sit down,
sit down, sit down.
Oh sorry, oh sorry!
Oh! Okay, okay.
Don't go into shock!
Don't go into shock! Don't go
into shock! Don't go into shock!
Okay, no, stay awake!
Oh God, sorry, okay, okay.
Listen, listen, listen,
this is going to sting a little.
Professor?
Daniel? Anybody?
Kate's been hurt.
No! Oh shit!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Group C, Group A,
can you hear me?
Group C, Group A, come in. Over.
Where the hell
have you been?
The communication system's
completely screwed.
The monitors are going down.
We gotta get those kids outta
here and I mean right now.
Really. And what do you
base that conclusion on?
Something was following me.
Moved like a man.
Sounded like an animal.
I hit my head.
I was out cold.
I was so still
that it lost me.
See I spoke with Veneziano
when I got this detail.
He knows all about it.
I thought he was pulling
my leg, you know,
trying to put
a scare on me.
All those things you hear
about military experiments
and changing a man's DNA,
make a creature
fueled only by rage.
Well, that all happened
and I think that
maybe they left something behind
or maybe something escaped.
So, now what?
They're chasing you?
That dead thing by Group A,
that was one of 'em.
You know what?
I'm getting really sick of your
conspiracy pothead bullshit.
Professor, you are a smart man,
but we stay here,
you gonna learn something.
You know what I've learned so
far? You can't do your job.
None of the walkies
are working.
Come with me.
What now?
Generator's going. There's a
short in the system somewhere.
What the hell
happened here?
What happened, see, was stuff
came out of the barrel
and, um, it-it-it melted them.
Just poured out by itself?
Look at this. You can see
through the goddamn wires.
Well, hell, it's not my fault.
I didn't put that crap there.
What worries me is
what's in that evil shit.
Yeah, well, what worries me
is you being a moron.
Yeah, I know.
Your walkies are dead.
Larry, replace them.
I'll give you an extra time
credit to cover the delay.
That's a little present
from Mr. Jessop.
Is it gonna work?
All right. Let's head back.
We need to fix this.
Go check the monitors.
Today, Larry!
Oh, shit!
Open the door.
We need to get inside.
Where is everybody?
One of those
corpses walking around.
What did he just say?
He said one of the corpses
has come to life.
What?
What the hell is this?
You think an
animal did this?
My money's on
the professor.
He's playing games with us.
He wants to see how we'll react.
Let's grab some samples. Look
at them under the microscope.
This is no animal.
Where are you going?
Rob, come on. You're gonna
get us disqualified.
I have to follow
my instincts.
My gut's telling me
get outta here.
Well, say hi to your buddy
in the orange jumpsuit for me.
It's just a test.
Where are the others?
You tell me.
You checked all
the connections?
I saw something
on the monitor.
Because of you, I may have to
cancel this entire examination.
I saw something
in the woods.
You are both welcome to
quit anytime you want.
I heard screams.
There was screaming.
Listen, you're all
overreacting, all right?
That's very common when
dealing with real corpses
for the first time.
Look, man, we just want to
know what's going on.
Hey, guys, why don't we just
get on the bus and go home?
Aaahhhh!
Aaaahhhhh, fuck!
Is that Rob?
Is that a gun?
Give it to me,
I'll go find them.
Sit down!
You're safer in here.
You think that peashooter's
gonna help?
That thing I saw out there
was already deader than dirt.
Did you hear that one?
Hey, hey, man.
What did you see out there?
I told you, college boy,
I saw a dead person
and he was walking around.
I'm going out there.
No, no, man. We stand
a better chance together.
We stand a better chance
if we just haul outta here.
Call in an air strike.
The safety of all my students
is at risk here, Mr. Jessop.
Now, are you volunteering
to run out and find them,
especially after you
destroyed all our equipment?
No?
Then I suggest that
everyone stay put
until we can get our eyes
and ears up and running.
Hey, come on. Open the door.
What the hell's going on?
Where's Rob?
I thought he was
with you, man.
We heard screams.
Where's Megan?
How the hell should I know?
What do you mean?
Maybe their group
was attacked first.
What do you mean attacked?
What do you mean? Who?
Stop it! Stop it!
Never mind! She can handle
herself. She's a fighter!
Yeah, that's what worries me.
Just stop it, all right?
Fighting each other is not gonna
help Megan or anybody else.
Now, while I don't believe a
Goddamn word this asshole says,
I do concede there may be
someone or something out there.
I going to find her.
Let's go find Rob.
Sorry, Rob!
No! No!
Okay.
Megan!
Megs!
Jesus Christ!
Shoot it again!
Shit! I cut myself.
Well, don't open
the goddamned door!
We need to kill it.
You better pray
there's only one.
There's two of them.
I know! I said not to
open the goddamned door!
This shit's all over me.
Did it bite ya!
Where's the gun?
Oh, crap.
Hey, asshole!
Ah!
Run!
Gasoline. I know
you got gasoline!
What I'm gonna do is I'm going
to make a Molotov cocktail
and we're gonna
burn that bitch.
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm getting the gun.
Yeah, a gun will be better.
A gun will be better.
It's there.
You go inside.
I'll finish her off.
Shoot her in the head.
Professor!
Yeeeoooowwww!!!
Ahhh! Ahhhh-aahhh-ahhhh!
Larry!
Hey!
Let's check in here for
some sort of weapon.
Ah, shit!
You all right?
Here. I'm not
taking any chances.
Me either, bro.
Where's Tomkins?
Shoot me.
He's lost.
Shoot me!
No, come on.
We should--
He's dead.
Megs, let's go.
No, no, no, go, go!
Go, go, go, go!
Bus.
Okay, it's clear. Come on.
Daniel!
Where are the others?
Kate and Rob are... dead.
Josh and Patrick?
Still out there,
as far as we know.
Take this.
Lock the door.
We'll meet back here.
Shit.
Okay, okay.
How do you get off
this fucking island!
We gotta cross that river
and we gotta scale barbed wire.
How many of them
are there?
I don't know.
That's not my blood.
I killed Kate and Rob.
I had to!
Okay.
We're gonna to get
out of here, okay?
We're gonna get
out of here.
Okay.
If I get bit by one of those,
you have to
shoot me in the head.
You listen to me.
No, this is not
gonna happen.
You're not gonna turn into one
of those things. I promise.
Okay.
Hey, hey.
What is it?
There.
Oh shit! Run!
It's Larry.
I'm gonna kill Larry.
Aaarrrgggghhhhh!
Fuck!
Oh shit! Oh shit, man!
Get to the bus!
Close the door!
Come on, man!
Jeez! We'll hotwire it!
I can't hold 'em long!
I can't hold 'em long! Come on!
Get the fuck out of here.
That was the bus.
It's gotta be Josh.
There's the keys.
There's creatures getting in!
Fuck! They're getting in, man!
Something's getting in!
Turn the ignition!
I'm gonna go check it out.
You stay here.
I got your back.
Daniel!
Oh! Oh! I'm sorry!
Oh, I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
You got my back.
I'm so sorry.
Stop!
There they are.
Come on, come on!
Get in.
Come on, come on,
come on! Get in!
Is he okay?
All right.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Get us out of here.
I'm trying.
Holy shit! There's another one.
Hold on.
Yeah, run him over.
Come on, run him over.
Hang on!
Behind us!
Come on, man.
What are you doing?
I'm tired of
goddamned running.
The gearshift's stuck!
Come on, man.
Hurry up, hurry up!
Stick won't move.
Help me! Help me!
Fuck!
Shit! Oh shit!
Oh shit! Oh shit!
Do it, man!
Go! Go!
Watch out!
Josh, get us the fuck
out of here! Now!
I think he's hurt.
Patrick?
Fuck!
Josh! Josh! Josh! Move!
No! No! No!
Thank you! Thank you!
Josh!
Can we go please?
Now?
Josh, go.
Let me take a look at this.
Shit, the bullet's
still in there.
I'll try and stop
the bleeding. Hang on.
I can't see anything!
Keep going!
I can't see anything.
Smoke's in my eyes.
Slow down!
The gate!
Oh, oh fuck!
I can't fucking stand.
My knee's fucked!
Daniel, we need help.
I can't see a thing.
You're gonna be all right,
you're gonna be all right.
I got him.
We gotta get out of here.
I smell gas.
God, my knee's fucked up.
Aghh. God, man.
We have to get this fixed.
I'm gonna pop this back in.
Here.
Put this in your mouth.
Okay? We're gonna go on
the count of three.
One, two--
Get him up.
We gotta get going.
This way.
Anybody home?
Daniel?
I'll take a look around.
I gotta get this
bullet out of you.
Ah, let's not start digging
around in there right now, okay?
You want to keep that in there,
just to remind me of what
I did to you every day?
Sounds like a good plan.
Fuck!
It's over there.
I heard something.
I'm gonna distract it.
You cover Daniel.
Hey, hey.
You can't move around, okay?
Look, I got this one, okay?
Just wait here.
You're gonna be good.
Shit!
Hey, asshole!
Noooo!
You sure took your time.
Come on.
Let's go find Daniel.
I heard the bus crash.
Anybody else get out?
No.
Daniel's lost
a lot of blood.
What happened?
Hey. Hey!
Stop! Stop!
Hey.
Professor Tomkins,
I tried the walkie.
Christ, what the
hell happened?
Eeuunnhh!
Now, you're gonna tell me
what was in those barrels
and about the
inmate experiments.
This was a death
camp wasn't it?
I had low-level clearance.
They just sent the lifers
on death row. It didn't go well.
What happened?
Eeuunnhh!
What happened?!
Something went wrong.
They turned into--
but that was years ago.
Jesus Christ,
you broke my nose.
I lost four people
in there. Kids!
else knew about this
place are gonna pay.
Professor!
Drive! Drive!
Drive!
Where are the keys?
Oh shit!
Please rate this subtitle at www.osdb.link/4wd7m
Help other users to choose the best subtitles